oh i can't believe i might post two
videos in a row that's what this works
it doesn't get out of sync wait a second
hardy I just remembered you can't sing
remember that if like you ever edition
for American Idol just tell me
beforehand oh I sucked so you guys
should keep that in mind because then
they'll be prepared for you to be a very
bad singer and if you're not as bad as
you actually make the expectations out
to be then they'll just be completely
blown away cuz you'll be like wow you're
actually pretty decent this maybe we
should like reconsider maybe think about
doing this more often letting you I
joined the team or something for this
American Idols have teams now right yeah
sure but now the ditches no the ditches
you know what that with all the mistakes
i'm making this video this is gonna be a
one-time everything records right and
then you guys can be constantly mess up
I can almost guarantee that's gonna
happen so welcome guys you're actually
seeing my video today I hope you're
happy and you're enjoying yourself cuz
I'm living up to the name best of the
worst when I beat the steelix with
butterfree everyone's like hardy your
doable on your best or worst you're like
we're the best and I'm like no I I still
suck and that's being showcased today
because I don't stay in pokemon wait a
second is this just is is this just the
oh my god we have to go to the other
frickin I'll wait we have to go to the
other whirlpools I've been wasting my
entire life it is started plays because
I don't understand how whirlpools work
earth I don't even like hot tubs I don't
know if this is north or south or I we
approached it from up there so I think
that makes it the South ones cuz we are
in the south side of the cave and that
obviously because this is the one typo
collage it actually makes sense if you
enter in the south or something there's
a good chance that you are at the bottom
of it so I believe that means we have to
go oh oh yeah because this is the other
one alright guys I figured it out i
don't wanna battle you i don't i don't
want to turn around turn around ok ok bo
that's not what I meant when I said I
didn't want to battle you I didn't mean
like throw tentacle me
turn around please oh my god has up all
you you are always one step away from
you why didn't you just like it did you
do why do you have to look at me I know
how beautiful and everything but you
could just I didn't want to kill your
dhoti and I didn't want to kill you side
I can you brought this upon yourself you
forced me to white Pokemon you're
supposed to love them and you feed them
to me like your animals okay well this
is this I gotta slip down here man is
this so complicated I don't like this I
wasn't expecting this game he's so
difficult I really wasn't and it's just
caused nothing but problems for me so
far but we were back in the world
islands and we got a flash again I feel
really bad for Patrick he's just being
abused we're like standing on him we're
making go through deadly whirlpools I
unveil himself to us in very naughty
ways and for some reason there's these
crabs in here which I don't even do
crabs live in caves maybe I should use
that repel because its operations OOP
I'm only weeks late on that joke but
it's okay because I'm funny Wow we will
get through this cave teen Caterpie I
need your support right now ready 123 I
free you how do you jump down that
butterfree you're flying you don't even
touch the ground you're just oh well you
just want to be like me don't you just
want to be like your weight way to wait
no please don't tell me a bad done oh
god yeah I messed up I got it ok ok so I
gotta go to the top island but on be
right because that means I'm on top of
the world oh my god Pokemon just got
symbolic and stuff I wasn't expecting
that but there's there's no exit over
here oh I thought there was how many
freaking world pool islands are there
this is confusing I was but it seems
this no I thought there was four and I
thought each one had a ladder and
I just I don't I don't want to do this
anymore just why do we even need the
fine lugia quite sure like what the
point of this story is with that we
already beat Team Rocket's not like
there's some big major crisis or going
on there just like hey you gotta go find
this pokemon it's sleeping and beat the
out of it because you know freakin
buggin watch it get out I seem to do
right ya know it seems like a very rude
thing to do this Pokemon did absolutely
nothing to me i don't see any reason to
go into its home and disturb it but
these frickin Kakariko village girls
think that it's correct and that's the
way the world should be it is just no
that's not how much guys horrible oh my
god there's so many tentacles in this
water I hate I just I didn't even wanna
play this game guys I just wanna play
with motive reason it's so difficult
down why do I know where we are all guys
this is exciting we got to take this
ladder and it's gonna take us to some
amazing places you ready you ready ready
go didn't ladder you wouldn't go you
ready you wanna I bet you think I'm
gonna get the episode here but nope
we're gonna do oh okay well that was
that was anticlimactic wasn't it I was
gonna did it go down the ladder and it's
crappy one since coochies good cookie no
now we're going down okay now we're
gonna end video bye